Fix some document-related issues (#7)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata: README.md

The `ballerinax/aws.redshiftdata` package allows developers to interact with Amazon Redshift Data API seamlessly using Ballerina. The Redshift Data API simplifies data access by eliminating the need for managing persistent database connections or the Redshift JDBC driver.

## Setup guide

### Login to AWS Console

> Log into the [AWS Management Console](https://aws.amazon.com/).

Reviewer: Shall we include a description for users who don't have accounts and direct them to a sign up link?

Author: Added with [615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6)

> Log into the [AWS Management Console](https://aws.amazon.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into the [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console).
```

Author: Fixed with [615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6)

### Create a user

1. In the AWS Management Console, search for IAM in the services search bar.
2. Click on IAM

![create-user-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-user-1.png)

3. Click Users

![create-user-2.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-user-2.png)

4. Click Create User

![create-user-3.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-user-3.png)

> 5. Give user a name and click next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Provide a suitable name for the user and continue
```

Author: Fixed with [615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6)

2. Configure security groups to control inbound and outbound traffic to your Redshift cluster. Ensure that your Ballerina application will have the necessary permissions to access the cluster.

![configure-security-groups.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/configure-security-groups.png)

3. Record the username during the cluster configuration. This will be used to authenticate your Ballerina application with the Redshift cluster.

![database-configurations.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/database-configurations.png)

4. Finally, review your configuration settings, and once satisfied, click `Create cluster` to launch your Amazon Redshift cluster.

#### Step 3: Wait for cluster availability

1. It may take some time for your Redshift cluster to be available. Monitor the cluster status in the AWS Console until it shows as "Available".

![wait-for-availability.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/wait-for-availability.png)

> ### Note
> 
> Amazon Redshift now offers a serverless option, allowing you to use the data warehouse without managing infrastructure. Redshift Serverless automatically scales to handle your workloads, providing a flexible and efficient way to run analytics.
> For configuring a **Redshift serverless** setup, please refer to this [link.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/gsg/new-user-serverless.html)

Reviewer 2: Check for other places as well.
```suggestion
> **Note:** Amazon Redshift now offers a serverless option, allowing you to use the data warehouse without managing infrastructure. Redshift Serverless automatically scales to handle your workloads, providing a flexible and efficient way to run analytics. To configure a **Redshift serverless** setup, please refer to this [link.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/gsg/new-user-serverless.html)
```

Author: Fixed with [d392813c2bacca1765a4e6251eff751049f19d5b](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/d392813c2bacca1765a4e6251eff751049f19d5b)

The `ballerinax/aws.redshiftdata` package allows developers to interact with Amazon Redshift Data API seamlessly using Ballerina. The Redshift Data API simplifies data access by eliminating the need for managing persistent database connections or the Redshift JDBC driver.

## Setup guide

### Login to AWS Console

Log into the [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console). If you don’t have an AWS account yet, you can create one by visiting the AWS [sign-up](https://aws.amazon.com/free/) page. Sign up is free, and you can explore many services under the Free Tier.

### Create a user

1. In the AWS Management Console, search for IAM in the services search bar.
2. Click on IAM

> ![create-user-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-user-1.png)

Reviewer 3: Indent the contents under a bulleted/numbered list. Check similar places.

```suggestion
    ![create-user-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-user-1.png)
```

Author: Fixed with [2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3)

4. Record the Access Key and Secret access key. These credentials will be used to authenticate your Ballerina application with the Redshift cluster.

![retrieve-access-key.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/retrieve-access-key.png)

### Setup a Cluster

To use the Ballerina AWS Redshift data connector, follow these steps to set up an Amazon Redshift cluster:

#### Step 1: Navigate to Amazon Redshift and create a cluster

1. In the AWS Management Console, search for Redshift in the services search bar.
2. Click on Amazon Redshift.

![create-cluster-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-cluster-1.png)

3. Click on the `Create cluster` button to initiate the process of creating a new Amazon Redshift cluster.

![create-cluster-2.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/create-cluster-2.png)

#### Step 2: Configure cluster settings

> 1. Configure your Redshift cluster settings, including cluster identifier, database name, credentials, and other relevant parameters.
> 
> ![configure-cluster-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/configure-cluster-1.png)
> 
> 2. Configure security groups to control inbound and outbound traffic to your Redshift cluster. Ensure that your Ballerina application will have the necessary permissions to access the cluster.
> 
> ![configure-security-groups.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/configure-security-groups.png)
> 
> 3. Record the username during the cluster configuration. This will be used to authenticate your Ballerina application with the Redshift cluster.
> 
> ![database-configurations.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/database-configurations.png)
> 
> 4. Finally, review your configuration settings, and once satisfied, click `Create cluster` to launch your Amazon Redshift cluster.

Reviewer 3: Ditto. I'd suggest using the [markdown lint for VS Code]
(https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint) for checking markdown files.

```suggestion
1. Configure your Redshift cluster settings, including cluster identifier, database name, credentials, and other relevant parameters.

    ![configure-cluster-1.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/configure-cluster-1.png)

2. Configure security groups to control inbound and outbound traffic to your Redshift cluster. Ensure that your Ballerina application will have the necessary permissions to access the cluster.

    ![configure-security-groups.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/configure-security-groups.png)

3. Record the username during the cluster configuration. This will be used to authenticate your Ballerina application with the Redshift cluster.

    ![database-configurations.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/main/docs/setup/resources/database-configurations.png)

4. Finally, review your configuration settings, and once satisfied, click `Create cluster` to launch your Amazon Redshift cluster.
```

Author: Fixed with [2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3)

configurable string secretAccessKey = ?;
configurable redshiftdata:Cluster dbAccessConfig = ?;

> redshiftdata:Client redshiftdata = check new (region = redshiftdata:US_EAST_2,

Reviewer 3: `redshift` looks better for me. Although the connector name is `redshiftdata`, the client can be called `redshift`.

Author: Fixed with [2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/2537ae31ee6d859d8f7c0002c6fd270fdd2d18e3)

## Examples

The `aws.redshiftdata` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/tree/main/examples).

> 1. [Manage Users](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/tree/main/examples/manage-users/) - This example demonstrates how to use the Ballerina Redshift Data connector to perform SQL operations on an AWS Redshift cluster. It includes creating a table, inserting data, querying data, and dropping the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Manage users](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/tree/main/examples/manage-users/) - This example demonstrates how to use the Ballerina Redshift Data connector to perform SQL operations on an AWS Redshift cluster. It includes creating a table, inserting data, querying data, and dropping the table.
```

Author: Fixed with [615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.redshiftdata/pull/7/commits/615bb1aa1d5de425ba4dc827f6e702ba1c9fdbd6)
